Research Log

-----------------------------------------------------------------Week 1-----------------------------------------------------------------

--> My name is Dallas Ambrosio. I am currently taking English 235 to go towards my Associate's degree in Computer Network Engineering. I currently work for the Steilacoom Historical School District as an IT Technician. I already work with many documents that technical writers have written, but I also translate the jargon that my coworkers cannot convert into "normal" speech. When I close work orders, I am doing a bit of technical writing myself; I describe what I've done with the work, and how I've solved it.
--> My initial understanding of Technical Writing is when legal documents and other formal paperwork are written in a proper manner. This did not exactly match up with the readings as the readings explained that they are mainly "translating" certain texts into wording that other people can understand. These include instructions, poems, legal documants and other things. So, yes, they write important documents, but no, they do not do just legal documents.
--> When setting up GitHub, I noticed that it is an advanced file system that is not just a file system. Each repository has a Master branch and require a README file. The editor is definitely made for programmers using code. Putting all the research logs into one file is going to be interesting.
--> Programming Historian seems to be geared more towards people looking for information on what certain things are like programming, etc. Pierce Hacker looks like it will be more for students around campus who need a guide on something, or for the technical writers to add something. Programming Historian looks like its purpose is to provide information to those that seek knowledge on programming. Pierce Hacker's purpose is to provide the student body with information that may be local to them. The designers probably put their project up on public websites to help people. They think their information can help someone learn something.
--> This week I've learned that technical writing is more than just legal paperwork and documentation. It is more of like an act of translating forms of text into text other people can understand and follow. I was also able to learn how to use GitHub at a basic level; creating an account, creating a directory and branches, and how to add files into those directories. It is an overall interesting first week of class.


-----------------------------------------------------------------Week 2-----------------------------------------------------------------

--> During the creation of the instruction sets, a lot of choices were made. My initial thought for making a structure was to make it not too complicated. I choose pieces that were not very elaborate and kept the build. I wanted to make instructions that were similar to real Lego instructions, so I designed my set around that too. The document itself was very time-consuming as uploading pictures into it and editing their size and position took hours. I never realized how hard it was to describe how to attach two lego pieces together. It did eventually get done, and it looked pretty neat.
--> My sense of the audience is the "average joe". No one like complicated or confusing instructions. I designed my whole instuction set around making it simple for many people to do. 
